---
layout: post
title: A New Website
description: Introducing a ROS package I've been working on for a while.
date: '2020-04-18T16:00:00.002-04:00'
author: Michael Ferguson
tags:
---

Earlier this month I started blogging again. My blog was hosted on blogger.com,
which was a pretty advanced platform in 2008 when I started blogging.
Now it is pretty dated.
I had a hell of a time trying to put any code blocks in the blog - which for a
software engineer is a real problem.

So this is the new blog. I've ported most of the old content over, except for a few
posts which were completely irrelevant (for example, a post which consists of nothing
but a link to a Kickstarter project for Mech Warfare, both of which are since over).

Porting over all of these posts was actually a somewhat fun exercise, I had forgotten
just how much had been posted to this blog over the years. Here's a few highlights:

 * My 2009 post on [Crater winning the Trinity Fire Fighting Robot Contest](/{{site.baseurl}}2009/04/12/viva-la-crate/)
   and how simple and reliable is the name of the game in robotics still rings true.
 * I did a [National Robotics Week blogging marathon](/{{site.baseurl}}tag/national-robotics-week)
   a few weeks ago. I had completely forgotten I also did one in 2011 -
   which was way more epic because it started on the east coast at the
   [Trinity Fire Fighting Robot Contest](/{{site.base_url}}2011/04/09/national-robotics-week-day-1/),
   continued to Boston for the [TEPRA conference](/{{site.base_url}}2011/04/14/national-robotics-week-days-3-4/),
   and then headed west for the [Stanford Robot Block Party](/{{site.base_url}}2011/04/20/national-robotics-week-day-6-stanford/) and
   Robogames.
 * [PR-Mini](/{{site.base_url}}2013/04/30/blast-from-past-pr-mini/) will always be
   my favorite overly complex and terribly useless robot.

In setting up this site, I decided not to bother with a comments section, as the comments
on the old site have generally been a wasteland for some time. If you come across an issue
or are looking for more information, reach out to me by either filing a ticket against
this site on [GitHub](https://github.com/robotandchisel/robotandchisel.github.io) or
by messaging me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/TheRealFergs).

I've also updated the domain name to reflect that I might actually post some non-robotics
things here in the future. In that same spirit, most of the existing posts are now
tagged with the new
<a href="/{{ site.baseurl }}tag/robots"><code class="highligher-rouge"><nobr>robots</nobr></code></a>
tag. I've had this domain name for a while now, happy to finally put it to use.

Welcome to <i>Robot & Chisel</i>.
